Document the Metrics page and Victoria Logs (#277)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: migration.rst

- Web proxy (Squid) and filter (ufdbGuard), replaced by :doc:`Content Filtering <content_filter>` and :ref:`dpi_filter-section`
- IPS (Suricata) and IPS alerts (EveBox), replaced by :ref:`intrusion_prevention_system-section`
- UPS monitoring (NUT), available only from command line with :doc:`UPS (NUT) <ups>`

> - System statistics (Collectd), replaced by the new Metrics page in :ref:`metrics-section` (Netdata on 8.7.2 or older)

Author: ```suggestion
- System statistics (Collectd), replaced by Telegraf and Victoria Metrics page in :ref:`metrics-section` 
```
